# Bellabeat Data Analysis Case
*Presented by Enrique Lara*

## Introduction
Bellabeat is a high-tech maufacturer of health-focused products for women. Urška Sršen and Sando Mur founded Bellabeat in 2013. Since then, it has experienced tremendous growth in popularity and has positioned itself as a tech-driven brand for women. The company creates some of the most beautifully crafted products for women that track many of their fitness trends. The company is able to collect activity on sleep, stress, and reproductive health which in turn have allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits. Currently the companies products are available through a growing number of retailers in addition to their own e-commerce channel on their website. The company has ivested in traditional advertising but is mainly focused on its digital marketing. Bellabeat has invested year round in Google Search, maintaining active Facebook and Instagram pages, and consistently engages consumers on Twitter. The company is looking to expand it's marketing stragey using analytics and that will be the focus of this study.

### Scenario
I am currently working as a junior data analyst for Bellabeat's marketing analyst team. Our goal is to analyze users trends in order to gain insight into how people are currently utilizing their smart devices. Bellabeat's cofounder and chief creative officer, Urka Sren, thinks that by examining smart devices, we might find new ways for the business to grow. I've been tasked to give the Bellabeat executive team  my analysis and a few high-level suggestions for Bellabeat's marketing plan. The information I find will help guide the business's future marketing strategy. 
